g'day guys and welcome today I'm making
one of my all-time favorites
I eat far too much of this it is that
good and it's very easy to make at home
so for starters I've got a hot wok I'm
adding a bit of oil and straight in with
the seafood I'm using some horns some
mussels and some scallops scallops
aren't common in a laksa but I like them
so I'm going to use them you can also
opt for chicken instead of seafood this
step will take a couple of minutes once
that seafood is cooked just remove it
from the wok and here I've got some
chopped onion I'm just going to lightly
brown this and now I'm adding some lexer
paste this is available in the Asian
section of your supermarket and I'm
using a couple of tablespoons it's a
case of personal taste here adjust to
how strong you want the flavour in your
soup and I'm just going to cook this for
about a minute or so until it becomes
nice and aromatic and now to add some
coconut milk I've got a 400 milk can of
coconut milk here now you can use the
whole thing but I'm going to use half of
it and make up the other half with some
water I'm also using light coconut milk
and what this does is it just makes it a
little bit healthier but of course if
you want the full flavor punch use the
full fat coconut milk and use the whole
can so once that comes to the simmer I'm
adding in some vegetables I've got some
julienned carrots also got a bit of
broccoli of course it's your choice of
vegetables I'm also going to add some
deep fried tofu I've made a video on how
to make this at home so you can check
that out if you like I'll put a link
down below in the description bar and
the soup party is done it's time to put
this together so into a bowl I'm adding
some hockey and noodles I've also got
some thin rice noodles here of course
you can use your choice of noodles now
it's time to add that seafood on top
followed by the tofu and the broccoli
and then I'm just going to ladle the
rest of that soup over the top beautiful
stuff guys and to top it off I'm just
going to sprinkle over some chopped
spring onions as well as some fried
shallots these are also available in the
Asian section of your supermarket and
they are great on top of any noodle soup
so give them a go if you haven't tried
them before and you're done guys enjoy
as I said this is one of my all-time
favorites I eat it at least a couple of
times a month so give it a go be sure to
check out my barbecue cooking channel my
Google+ and my Facebook pages I'll put
links down in the description bar along
with the full list of ingredients for
today's recipe thanks for watching and I
will catch you all next time